Hi guys, today I came to make a
'tour' through my hotel room which is the
mega marques that stays inside the teams
square
the technician is always good coming in here
You'll get this vision and a quickie.
the bathroom then here and the sink that has the
our things but nothing too much
there is the dryer these light things
mirror private square light and the break
bathroom that has tanned and tals nothing
too much
the bathroom is basically that here there
Come here and have the safe and the closet.
wardrobe
sorry there out of focus
Oh I can not you show the breast
right
But this is the wardrobe, that's how it is.
who has a painting and coming here will have
this is a coffee machine and
a table and up here and finally the
room is the one here is this is the room
for four people
so we have a lot of affection
cute here is a bed
our dressing table type on the nightstand
sorry about the wallet and has two lamps
of God two lamps is rescinded
before also dark room
ignore the camera is a little trick to us
Back then it's like all the purchases.
played there but this is a couch
the neighboring mali armchair here has a
dressing table and oh have some things have
a nécessaire with the things that I
kill taking picture this here it's there
so here is a table here has
drawers for you to put on your
to see is here and it is such
so the room is basically that I go
show you the view you got from here
from above we are on a 40th floor and
few 41
so we see a little bit of times
square down there
but ok and in the corner but it already is
something, he has another press.
I had to see a little bit of
Dark suit but that's not cool
because it is well lit room by the
times square type is 24 hours connected
The lights at Times Square were pretty cool.
then this was the tone today I hope
You liked it, I think a lot.
new people are going to see this video people
who does not know my channel because it's going
to be a thing is a thing that is well
searched on youtube right
The name of this hotel and tals of my room
so this is what folks are and sign up for
channel and until the next video